[OCPBUGS#39256] Dependency updates for ShiftStack UPI (#94362)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-downloading-modules.adoc

ifdef::osp-user[]
The Ansible playbooks that simplify the installation process on user-provisioned
infrastructure require several ansible collections and Python modules. On the machine

> where you will run the installer, add the {rh-openstack-first} repositories and then install the packages.

Author: ```suggestion
where you will run the installation program, add the {rh-openstack-first} repositories and then install the packages.
```

> The Ansible playbooks that simplify the installation process on user-provisioned
> infrastructure require several Python modules. On the machine where you will run the installer,
> add the modules' repositories and then download them.

Author: ```suggestion
The Ansible playbooks that simplify the installation process on user-provisioned
infrastructure require several ansible collections and Python modules. On the machine
where you will run the installer, add the {rh-openstack-first} repositories and then install the packages.
```

The Ansible playbooks that simplify the installation process on user-provisioned
infrastructure require several Python modules. On the machine where you will run the installer,
add the modules' repositories and then download them.

> These dependencies include:
> 
> * Python
> * Ansible
> * The Python modules:
> ** `openstackclient`
> ** `openstacksdk`
> ** `netaddr`
> * The Ansible collections:
> ** `openstack.cloud`
> ** `community.general`

Author: ```suggestion
These dependencies include:

* The Python modules:
** `openstackclient`
** `openstacksdk`
** `netaddr`
* The Ansible collections:
** `openstack.cloud`
** `community.general`
```
